website/blog: style fixes for ususual builds post (#8637)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: website/blog/unusual-builds-w-bytes.md

If an artifact exists and matches the expected result, then Bazel will skip the action that produces the artifact.
However, in a remote build with minimal download, Bazel does not have the artifact locally to validate against and must establish some trust that the artifact was created and stored in the Remote Cache.

> Introduced in [bazebuild/bazel#17639](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/pull/17639), this "trust" is added to Bazel by storing locally the expected Time To Live (TTL) of the remote cached artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced in [bazebuild/bazel#17639](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/pull/17639), this "trust" is added to Bazel by storing locally the expected Time To Live (TTL) of the artifact that is cached remotely.
```
